docs(pipeline): update query pipeline description (#1640)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/logs/manage-pipelines.md

curl "http://localhost:4000/v1/events/pipelines/test"

## and with the version, it will return the specify version pipeline.
curl "http://localhost:4000/v1/events/pipelines/test?version=2025-04-01%2006%3A58%3A31.335251882%2B0000"
```

 If the pipeline exists, the output should be:

```json
{
  "pipelines": [
    {
      "name": "test",
      "version": "2025-04-01 06:58:31.335251882+0000",
      "pipeline": "processors:\n  - dissect:\n      fields:\n        - message\n      patterns:\n        - '%{ip_address} - - [%{timestamp}] \"%{http_method} %{request_line}\" %{status_code} %{response_size} \"-\" \"%{user_agent}\"'\n      ignore_missing: true\n  - date:\n      fields:\n        - timestamp\n      formats:\n        - \"%d/%b/%Y:%H:%M:%S %z\"\n\ntransform:\n  - fields:\n      - ip_address\n      - http_method\n    type: string\n    index: tag\n  - fields:\n      - status_code\n    type: int32\n    index: tag\n  - fields:\n      - request_line\n      - user_agent\n    type: string\n    index: fulltext\n  - fields:\n      - response_size\n    type: int32\n  - fields:\n      - timestamp\n    type: time\n    index: timestamp\n"
    }
  ],
  "execution_time_ms": 92
}
```

> Besides, the `pipeline` field is a YAML format string, due to JSON string can't print it well, but `echo` command can pretty print it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the output above, the `pipeline` field is a YAML-formatted string. Since the JSON format does not display YAML strings well, the `echo` command can be used to present it in a more human-readable way:
```
